README.md, before:

The APES Benchmarks Repository
==============================

The *Advanced Potential Energy Surface* (APES) benchmarks repository was set up to store and share a set of benchmarks deemed useful for measuring the performance of computational chemistry packages relevant to the APES project.

The default licensing for data in this repository is through CC-BY unless a different licence in a benchmark directory in which case that licence will apply to the data instead. 

The benchmarks included in this repository in the `benchmarks` subdirectory are listed below. Each benchmark lives in its own "benchNN" directory. Within each bench directory, subdirectories labelled according to software packages (e.g. tinker, pmemd, etc.) contain the files needed to run the benchmark using the relevant locally built executable(s) of the package whose performance is being measured. More details can be found in the readme files contained in each of the directories.

* **bench01**: Joint AMBER CHARMM (JAC) Benchmark.
* **bench02**: puddle - water box model with 9600 atoms (32000 water molecules).
* **bench03**: lake   - water box model with 288 000 atoms.
* **bench04**: ocean  - water box model with 864 000 atoms.

Commit message:

Added a line about the license for code.

README.md, after:

The APES Benchmarks Repository
==============================

The *Advanced Potential Energy Surface* (APES) benchmarks repository was set up to store and share a set of benchmarks deemed useful for measuring the performance of computational chemistry packages relevant to the APES project.

The default licensing for data in this repository is through CC-BY unless a different licence in a benchmark directory in which case that licence will apply to the data instead. Any code and scripts is covered by the BSD-2 clause license.

The benchmarks included in this repository in the `benchmarks` subdirectory are listed below. Each benchmark lives in its own "benchNN" directory. Within each bench directory, subdirectories labelled according to software packages (e.g. tinker, pmemd, etc.) contain the files needed to run the benchmark using the relevant locally built executable(s) of the package whose performance is being measured. More details can be found in the readme files contained in each of the directories.

* **bench01**: Joint AMBER CHARMM (JAC) Benchmark.
* **bench02**: puddle - water box model with 9600 atoms (32000 water molecules).
* **bench03**: lake   - water box model with 288 000 atoms.
* **bench04**: ocean  - water box model with 864 000 atoms.
